>> Sarah Drasner: All right let's check
out some of the things that people made.
All right let's start with Andrea, cool.
Okay so you can see how this would be kind
of like maybe this would be the fold,
you start with like a logo here, nav,
three, and then this is really awesome.
That's kind of like the sunset
in the background over a bunch
of different lines of text.
That's awesome.
I love the diagonal that goes across here,
that really breaks up the space great.
Cool, we've got another circle.
People taking good advantage of circle.
I like how they didn't move
around the circle either.
It's actually in front of the other thing.
So one thing we didn't talk about yet
is an idea of things moving backwards and
forwards on the z axis in space too.
>> Sarah Drasner: Lovely, lovely.
I love this one.
This one's Jacob, right?
Great one by Jacob.
So there's, here's a few different ones.
This one is like, maybe you can
imagine being built an SVG or
something because it's got some
other different kind of shapes and
we're gonna talk about how
to do this in a minute.
We've got a couple of circles that
are kind of bordering this one, and
a little cutout of this one.
These are really cool.
Right, sideways layout,
yeah, that's right.
Well, [LAUGH] I think we're supposed
to turn our heads to see this one.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Sarah Drasner: So we've got a circle.
Couldn't get it to rotate.
>> Sarah Drasner: [LAUGH] Right,
right, right.
Circle and, what's really cool about this
is that the shape is actually diagonal and
kind of off kilter but
the text is still straight within that.
So you're not like rotating the text.
It's still really legible.
That's really awesome.
I think that that's it for.
Our layouts, yeah.
Cool.
Okay lets move on.
So how did people find that exercise?
Good, good?
Kind of helps break down
some of the shapes and
kind of helps you be creative inside of
your compositions without feeling like.
It's the end of the world right?
If you spend forever lining
things up in Photoshop,
even if it's before you're sketch or
whatever.
Even if it's before you're committing
to code you might feel like.
Man I made this whole block of text and
everything I committed to this and
then you kind of locked into that thing.
Once you already have stuff there it's
really tough to kind of think about
a whole new way of reorganizing
all of that information.
So by breaking it down into just simple
shapes and kind of removing yourself.
From those details they are able to
experiment a little bit more in kind of
break free of some of the things
that you would normally just kind of
make yourself beholden to
just the giant text box.